all right guys um for any mechanics or
Cadillac specialist out there um I have
requests maybe you guys can help me with
this I was driving down I'm going to st.
Pete one day on the highway I decided to
do the theory of accelerating really
fast maybe at 70 miles an hour um real
fell at on the highway and that will
clean out my fuel injection I went to
try that out so I was doing 20 miles an
hour and I accelerated to basically full
throttle on the highway um I think I was
pushing maybe 60 to 70 miles an hour
when I started going up a hill um a
little hill that crosses into i-75 as I
go up the little hill I heard a pop um
after I heard the pop I removed my feet
off the acceleration pedal and just
started driving at regular rate however
the car was driving a little rough as I
got to the skyway I was doing about 75
miles an hour and midway through the
Skyway Bridge which is a very steep
bridge for anybody that doesn't know the
Skyway Bridge
um midway to the Skyway the st. P Skyway
Bridge I started to lose momentum
I dropped from 75 to 74 73 72 71 70 and
it was gradually decreasing one mile per
per drop um but I made it over the top
around 69 69 miles an hour my feet was
full throughout on the gas pedal so I
think I'm losing torque power or
something
this all started happening after the pop
before that never happened
I would hit the Skyway Bridge at 75
miles an hour and I would stay at 75 the
most I probably drop is maybe 70 to 74
you know throughout the whole process so
and it was not accelerate any faster
limit how far down our first petal pit
but the gas pedal these are the codes
I've been getting I cleared a few of
them before I cleared all of them before
and they just keep coming back and some
of them are showing up a history but
they just keep coming back so there are
actual issues in the car
ah
alright guys that's the end of that as
you can see my ABS light traction light
and service engine lights are on the ABS
and the traction light is a minor
problem is just one of the ABS sensors
on the wheel they told me about it
that's what I need to get fixed and both
of those lights will go off so unless
something else came up and these holes
you're looking at I've already checked
with that problem the service light
engine that's where the new issue lies
this is only sixty five thousand miles
it's a 2003 Cadillac DeVille and yes
that's 2003 s top three cat like the
veal and this is it huh see what you
could tell them